
\Schmod\S:  Options

The following are the characters that you use to make up <mode>.

     u     change owner permissions

     g     change group permissions

     o     change other user permissions

     a     change permissions for all users (cannot be used with "u", "g",
           or "o".  This is the default.)

     +     add permission

     -     remove permission

     =     set permission (Removes all permissions except those you
           specify.)

     r     change read permissions

     w     change write permissions

     x     change execute permissions

     You can use any combination of "u", "g" and "o", or you can use "a" with
     one of the operators "+", "-", "=" and any combination of permissions "r",
     "w", or "x".  You can also use the following as permissions on the 
     \Schmod\S command line.  For details see the manual page for \Schmod\S.

     l     Change record locking for all users.  ("u", "g" and "o" are not
           effective with "l".  Record locking applies to all users.
           Cannot be used with "x" or "s" permissions and you must be the
           owner of the file.)

     s     Set owner or groupID.  (Can only be used with "u" and/or "g" and
           you must be the owner or a member of the group to use.)

     t     Sets sticky bit.  Saves the text of the file if no users on the
           system are using it.  (Can only be used by super user.)

     Octal codes for \Schmod\S are one to four digit integers such as 0711.
     The second, third and fourth set the permissions for the user, group and 
     other users respectively.  The meanings of these integers is: 

     0  is no permission
     1  is execute permission
     2  is write permission
     4  is read permission
     5  is execute and read permission
     6  is write and read permission
     7  is read, write, and execut permission.

     The integers for the first digit of the octal code have the following
     meanings:

     1  saves text even if no one is using it.
        Called setting the sticky bit.
     2  sets the groupID
     3  sets sticky bit and groupID
     4  sets the userID

