
\Schmod\S:  Description

Syntax Summary:  chmod [mode ...] name ...

         where:  mode  is a string of characters or integers.

                 name  is the name of a file or directory.

Description:
     \Schmod\S is shorthand for "change mode."  Use \Schmod\S to change the
     read, write and execute permissions for the owner, group and other users
     of file and directory.  Only the owner or super user may change a file's
     permissions.  You can change the access permissions for your files using 
     strings composed of the following characters:  Who the permissions apply
     to, "u" for user, "g" for group, "o" for other, or "a" for all users; 
     Operators that specify how to change the permissions, "+" for add, "-" 
     for remove, or "=" for set the specified permissions and remove all other
     permissions; The permissions that you want to change, "r" for read 
     permission, "w" for write permission, and "x" for execute permission.
     The most common way to specify mode is to list who followed by the 
     operator then the permissions.  If you don't specify who the permissions
     apply to, "a" is the default.  If you use 0 after the operator, all 
     permissions will be removed for the users.

     The "l", "s" and "t" permissions enable you to lock your file, set the
     userID or groupID for your file, or set the sticky bit for your file.
     See the manual page for \Schmod\S for a complete explanation of these
     permissions.  

     You can also change permissions for files and directories using a string 
     of integers called an octal code.  The octal code can be one to four 
     digits long.  If you use four digits, the first digit sets the userID, 
     groupID or sticky bit.  The second, third, and fourth digits set the 
     user, group, and other users permissions, respectively.  The integer 
     you use in each position dictates the permissions for the file.  See 
     the options screen for details on the meaning of the integers.  If you 
     use less than a four digit octal code, the right-most digit applies to 
     other users, the second from the right applies to group and the third 
     from the right applies to the user.

