
   The FIND command allows you to search for objects  in  your  system
   based  on  any  or  all of the following criteria: name of the file
   object or folder, object type, owner, and age.   FIND  will  search
   down  through  all  folders  from  the  point  you  are  at  in the
   Filecabinet.  If you issue the FIND  from  the  Office  Frame  the
   entire  Filecabinet  is  searched.   You  can  also specify via the
   "typed command" method the name of a folder to be searched.

     1.  To use the FIND command use one of the following options:

            - Command Menu - Select FIND + RETURN

            - Typed command - Type find [object_name] [in folder_name]
                               + RETURN

     2.  If you specified an object name, FACE  will begin  the
         search for matches.

     3.  If you did not specify an  object  name,  a  FIND  form  will
         appear  requesting  that  you  specify  any  of the following
         search criteria:

            - NAME:  Enter the name of the object to be searched  for.
              To  find  objects starting with the same letter(s), type
              the initial letter(s) followed by *.   For  example,  g*
              will find all objects starting with g.

            - TYPE:  Enter the object type or press CHOICES to display
              a  menu  of  the  object types in your system.  Move the
              cursor to the desired selection and press RETURN.

            - OWNER:  Enter the  object  owner  or  press  CHOICES  to
              display  a  menu  of  owners  on  your system.  Move the
              cursor to the desired selection and press RETURN.

            - AGE: Indicate the age  or  age  range  by  entering  the
              number  of  days  since  the  object was created or last
              changed.  For example:

                Enter:     3      To find objects created or changed
                                  3 days ago

                Enter:    <3      To find objects created or changed
                                  within the last 2 days

                Enter:    >3      To find objects created or changed
                                  more than 3 days ago

                Enter:   3-10     To find objects created or changed
                                  between 3 and 10 days ago

         Press the SAVE screen labeled key to begin search.  Press the
         CANCEL screen labeled key to cancel the search.

     4.  An "Objects Found" menu frame will be  displayed listing  all
         matches  found.  Each  object in the menu is specified in its
         "path name" format so you  will  know  what  folder  actually
         contains the object.

         This  menu  frame  operates  like  any  other  folder  frame,
         allowing  you  to  open,  copy, move, rename, etc. any of the
         objects listed.  You cannot CREATE an object and store it  in
         this  menu  frame.    Note  that  performing any action on an
         object in this menu is like operating on  it  in  the  folder
         that  actually  contains  it.   For  example,  if you MOVE an
         object in this menu it will be  moved from the  folder  which
         actually contains it.

         Note that when you perform an action that alters the contents
         of the frame, e.g., MOVE, DELETE or RENAME, you  will not see 
	 the  object change until  you  issue  the  UPDATE command  to 
	 update the frame contents.  This is because this  menu is not 
	 a file  folder  but  an  extension  of  the  FIND command.

         To remove this menu frame from the screen,  you  must  either
         CANCEL it or do a CLEANUP.
