
   The  FRM-MGMT command allows you to move and reshape frames.   It
   also  supports  a  "list"  operation which lists for you all open
   frames on the screen.  In the command syntax, "operation"  refers
   to the "move", "reshape" or "list" functions provided by
   the FRM-MGMT command.

     1.  To use the FRM-MGMT command, choose one of  the  following:

            - Function Key - Press FRM-MGMT

            - Command menu - Select FRM-MGMT + RETURN

            - COMMAND LINE - Type frm-mgmt [operation]
                               [frame_# ] + RETURN

         If  you have  not specified a  frame number,  the currently
         active  frame is assumed to  be the frame you would like to
         perform the operation on.

     2.  If an "operation" is  not specified  a  pop-up  menu  frame
         will  appear  listing  the FRM-MGMT operations.  You select
         the frame operation you  want  to  perform  by  moving  the
         cursor to the item and pressing RETURN. Pressing the CANCEL
         Function Key cancels the FRM_MGMT command.

         The operations are defined as:

            - LIST -- lists  all  the  suspended  applications   and  
	      currently  open frames  in a pop-up  menu.  From  this 
	      menu you can select a frame, suspended application  or 
	      file by moving the cursor to the desired selection and 
	      pressing RETURN. 

            - MOVE --  allows  you  to   move  a  frame  to  another
              location  in  the  screen  Work Area. To move a frame,
              use your keyboard arrow keys.  Frame corner indicators
              will appear on the screen  showing you  where you  are
              moving  the  frame. Press  ENTER  when  the indicators
              have  reached the desired position, and the frame will
              automatically  be  moved.  

            - RESHAPE -- allows you to change the  size  of  a  menu
              or text frame.  You  cannot  reshape form  frames. You
              indicate the size you would like the frame by using
              the arrow keys (or alternate keystrokes). Corner
              indicators will appear on the screen to show you the
              size of the changed frame.
              First,  use  the  arrow  keys  to  position the 
              upper-left  corner of  the frame and press  ENTER.
              Then  use  the  arrow keys to position the lower-right
              corner of the  frame and press ENTER.  The  frame will
              be automatically resized to your specifications.

         The frame remains in the new position or  size  until  you
         CLOSE  it.   When  you  reopen  the frame again it will be
         sized and placed by FACE.
