
   The PRINT command allows you to send a file object to the  printer.

     1.  To PRINT an object use one  of  the  options  below.   If  an
         object is not specified the current object is assumed.

            - Command menu - Select PRINT + RETURN

            - COMMAND LINE - Type print [object_name] + RETURN

         A Print menu will appear.

     2.  To change  Print  Options, select  PRINT OPTIONS on the Print
         menu. A  Print Options  form will then be displayed. The form
         presents your default  print  commands. You may change any of
         the print commands  by editing the form.

         The fields are as follows:

            - Print Command  #1-3 - These fields  allow you to specify
	    the  print  commands  to use  when  printing  a  file. The
	    default is lp(1),  which  you  may  change to  a different
	    print facility  or customized  print command. You may also
            specify  appropriate   options  depending  on  the   print
            facility  to  be  invoked.  See  your system administrator
            for proper options.

         The  print  commands  specified  in the Print Option form are 
         saved, and are presented during subsequent printings.

         The Function Keys  provided  with  this form are (in addition
         to PREV-FRM, NEXT-FRM, HELP and CMD-MENU):

            - CANCEL - cancels  the  print  job  or  closes  the  form
              without saving any changes.
      
            - CHOICES - toggles  between  the  choices   available,  or
              presents a pop-up frame of choices for the current field,
              or if choices are not available, displays a definition of
              the field  on the message line, or states that no choices
              are available.
      
            - SAVE - saves all entries, for subsequent printings.

            - RESET - resets  the current  field to the value in effect
              at the beginning of the current editing session.

      3.  To print an object, from the Print menu:

            - Select a print option + RETURN
