
   The SECURITY  command  allows  you  to  modify  the  ownership  and
   permissions  of an  existing  object. You  indicate  who  may READ,
   WRITE,  and RUN/SEARCH  each object.  Search  permission  refers to
   folders.  Run permission refers  to executable objects. You can set
   permissions for any object that you own from the preferences menu.


     1.  Use one of the options below to change the security  features
         of  an  object.  If no object name is used the current object
         is assumed.

            - Function Key - Press SECURITY

            - Command menu - Select SECURITY + RETURN

            - COMMAND LINE - Type security [object_name] + RETURN

     2.  After  initiating  the  SECURITY  command,  a  form  will  be
         displayed. Edit the form to show the permissions you want.

         In the OWNER field, select or type the login ID  (user  name)
         of  the  user  who  will  "own"  the object. Press CHOICES to
         display  a  list  of  owners.  Normally  all  objects in your
         filecabinet are owned by you.

         For each permission field specify your preference by pressing
         the CHOICES Function Key or by typing "yes" or "no".  You may
         set   permissions  to   Read,  Write,  and   Run/Search   for
         yourself,   for   your   group  ( check   with  your   system
         administrator), and for anyone with access  to  your  system.
         READ  PERMISSIONS  determine  who can view the contents of an
         object owned by you.  WRITE  PERMISSIONS  determine  who  can
         edit/change  an  object owned by you.  RUN/SEARCH PERMISSIONS
         determine who can run your executable objects or search  your
         file folders.

         Function  Keys  active  for   this  form  (in   addition   to
         PREV-FRM, NEXT-FRM, CMD-MENU, and HELP) are:

            - CANCEL -- Cancels  the form without saving the new field
              values  entered  in  the  form,  closes  the  frame, and
              returns you to the point in the interface that you  were
              at prior to acccessing the form.

            - CHOICES  --  pressing  CHOICES  either  toggles  between
              available values or displays a pop-up menu of values for
              the current field.

            - SAVE -- Saves all the field values entered in the  form,
              closes  the  frame,  and returns you to the point in the
              interface that you were at prior to accessing the form.

            - RESET - resets the current field back to  the  value  in
              effect at the beginning of the current editing session.

     3.  When you have made all changes to the form press SAVE.
